Hello everyone,
and welcome to the object oriented programming
homework assignment.
So in this homework assignment, you're gonna have
two basic problems, and you're gonna be filling out
some skeleton code that I've written for you.
So this first class is called Line,
and what it does is it takes in two coordinates.
And what you're gonna do is fill in the attributes here,
and you're gonna fill in two methods, distance and slope.
And what's gonna happen is your coordinates
are gonna be tuples.
So here I've written coordinate1,
which is a tuple .
So x is first, and y is second.
So you can have xy coordinates.
And then coordinate2 is also a tuple , so x and y.
And you can create a line using coordinate1 and coordinate2.
So remember how we assign attributes to your class
using the special method init.
So that's what you're gonna fill out.
So your example output's gonna look something like this.
And I want you to fill in two methods,
distance and slope.
So I want you to be able to call the distance method
on this Line object,
and it'll return the distance of that line,
and the slope will return the slope of that line.
You may have to look up the distance and slope equations
on the Google in case you forgot, or are unfamiliar with it.
But that's the basics here,
and you're gonna fill out the attributes in those methods
so it returns the distance and slope,
given two coordinates as tuples for this Line class object.
That's problem one.
Problem two, you're also gonna fill in the class
and it's gonna be very similar.
You're gonna have a Cylinder class.
It's gonna be instantiator initialised
with a height and the radius.
You're gonna fill that in.
So fill out the attributes,
and it's gonna have two methods,
volume and surface_area.
So the volume method will return the volume of the cylinder,
and the surface_area will return the surface area
of the cylinder.
Given a height here of two, and a radius of three.
So that's it.
You're gonna have to fill in those methods
and make sure those volume methods
and surface_area methods work,
as well as just the attribute assignments in your class.
Okay, that's it for the homework assignment.
Good luck and good job.